Congratulations.
Hats off to you.
You've made it you've successfully created an incredible business plan.
It was a lot of work but it was fun and it was definitely worth it.
Now you only have to be right in business one time in order to achieve all of your dreams in life.
And I want to thank you for buying this course.
You are the customer and the customer is always right.
And if there's anything anything that I can humbly do to add more value to your business model then
please join me on my weekly free webcast.
Office hours call that occurs every single Thursday.
And please click on the Q&A image that you see here in your Excel document for more details in the call
and please ask me as many questions as you want to on this weekly call.
Now this call is supposed to be two to three hours every week.
But I am happy to make this an eight hour call or longer every single week for ever as I want to humbly
answer every single question that you might have about your business model.
If you work for somebody else and you want to join my weekly webcast call and you're concerned that
they might see your user name on my weekly webcast which is replayed than what you can do is you can
create another YouTube account with your nickname.
And what happens as you type in the questions and I answer them in real time and I just want to say
that I've done I failed as your teacher and as your coach and as your friend.
If you don't one day use the contents of this course and launch your own company so that you are self-employed
and you are free to live your life on your own terms.
And I think that it's OK to work for somebody else at a couple of companies so you can learn what to
do and what not to do and you know what I mean.
But I really humbly don't think that we were meant to work for somebody else for our entire lives and
it's never too early or too late to start your own company.
And the interesting thing is that the average age of somebody starting a company in the United States
is well over 50 years old.
And many young people start companies today because the cost of creating a company is the lowest has
ever been.
As you can access so many more customers and you can access online resources and other online stuff
at a low price or even free.
As explained in this course and the incredible thing is that the life expectancy now has increased by
26 years since 1950.
So that means that you are 26 years younger than you think.
So if you're 46 you're really 20 you're really 20 and so you're it you're you're young at heart by choice.
And so thanks again for joining on this fun journey that we have gone through together.
And my goal is to do whatever it takes to allow you to be independent and to live your life on your
terms by creating your successful business plan.
Thanks again.